1. Write a JavaScript program to declare a variable using let and assign a value. Then, try reassigning the variable and observe the behavior. What happens if you use const instead?

2. Create a function that accepts two numbers and returns their sum. Ensure that your function checks if the inputs are numbers and returns an error message otherwise.

3. Define a variable of each primitive data type (number, string, boolean, null, undefined, symbol, and bigint) and log their types using typeof.

4. Write a program to check if a given number is positive, negative, or zero using comparison and logical operators.

5. Rewrite the following code using a ternary operator:
                   let age = 20;
                  If (age >= 18) 
                       {
                           console.log("You are an adult");
                       } else
                    { console.log("You are a minor"); 
                    }

               
6. Write a JavaScript program that uses a for loop to calculate the factorial of a given number.

       
7. Implement a switch statement to print the name of the day of the week based on an input     number (1 for Monday, 2 for Tuesday, etc.).


8. Given the array const numbers = [1, 2, 3, 4, 5], write a program to:
      Add a new number to the end of the array.
      Remove the first element.
      Use map() to create a new array with each element doubled.
      Use reduce() to find the sum of all elements.
      
9. Create an object student with properties name, age, and subjects (an array). Write a function to add a new subject to the subjects array.

10.Use Object.keys() and Object.values() to iterate over the properties of the student object created above and print each key-value pair.

11.Write a function that demonstrates a closure by creating a private counter. The function should have increment and decrement methods to modify the counter.
12. Use destructuring assignment to extract values from the following object:
      const user = { name: "John", age: 30, location: "New York" };
13. Write a program that demonstrates the use of the spread operator to combine two arrays.

14. Create a simple class Car with properties make, model, and year. Add a method getDetails() that returns a string combining these properties.

15. Write a function that takes two numbers and divides them. Use try...catch to handle the case where the second number is zero and throw an appropriate error.

16.Create a webpage with the following requirements:
             Add two buttons: "Change Text" and "Reset".
             Add a <div> element to display some initial text (e.g., "Hello, World!").
            Write JavaScript to perform the following:
        ◦ When the "Change Text" button is clicked, change the text inside the <div> to "Text Changed!".
        ◦ When the "Reset" button is clicked, reset the text inside the <div> to its initial value.
      
17. Write a program using setTimeout() to log "Hello" after 1 second, "How are you?" after 2 seconds, and "Goodbye!" after 3 seconds.

18. Use Promise.all() to execute three asynchronous tasks (e.g., fetching data from three APIs). Ensure that your program handles both success and failure cases.

19. Implement a debounce function to delay the execution of a search input handler. The handler should only execute if the user stops typing for 300ms.

20. Write a program to save a user's input from a form into localStorage and retrieve it when the page reloads.